Add route2 links (#3142)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/api/commands/route2.md

  })
})
```

# See also

- {% url "cy.route2 recipe" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-recipes#stubbing-and-spying %}

> - {% url "open network control issues" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Apkg%2Fnet-stubbing %} and {% url "closed network control issues" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Apkg%2Fnet-stubbing %}

Reviewer: let's not introduce yet another term for this, let's either call it cy.route2 or experimentalNetworkStubbing

```suggestion
- {% url "open issues for experimentalNetworkStubbing" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Apkg%2Fnet-stubbing %} and {% url "closed issues for experimentalNetworkStubbing" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Apkg%2Fnet-stubbing %}
```
